Add OpenID Configuration documentation (#714)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/getting_started/SSO_openid_connect.md

> # Single Sign On With openID Connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Single Sign-On With OpenID Connect
```

> To make it easier for employees to access SEKOIA.IO, you can enable SSO on SEKOIA.IO. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it easier for employees to access SEKOIA.IO, you can enable SSO for users of your SEKOIA.IO community. 
```

> ## Prerequisites for Open ID connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites for OpenID Connect
```

> - Your Identity Provider (IdP) must support the OpenID connect standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your Identity Provider (IdP) must support the OpenID Connect standard
```

> - Only admin user with the following permission "COMMUNITY_WRITE_ROLE" can configure the SSO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only admin user with the `COMMUNITY_WRITE_ROLE` permission can configure the SSO.
```

## Configure SSO on SEKOIA.IO

To set up SSO, follow these instructions :

1. Log in to SEKOIA.IO platform
2. Click on your profile picture and select `Account settings` to access the User center

> 3. Under Manage community > Authicafication, click on the button `Configure`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Under Manage community > Authentication, click on the button `Configure`
```

![SSO_Form](/assets/getting_started/SSO_Authentication.png)

5. Fill in identidy provider details
![SSO_Form](/assets/getting_started/SSO_identity.png)
7. Save the configuration

> Once SSO is set up and your IdP is configure to accept requests, users can log in via the Single Sign-on URL available on this page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once SSO is set up and your IdP is configured to accept requests, users can log in via the Single Sign-on URL available on this page.
```

Share it with your users.
![SSO_URL](/assets/getting_started/SSO_URL.png)

> ## Just in time provisioning (JIT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## “Just-in-time” (JIT) Account Provisioning 
```

> You can choose to enable automatic creation of your users. When your user logs in for the first time, his account will be automatically created. You can set the default role for new JIT users. You can choose the default rôle among all the roles available in your community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose to enable automatic creation of your users. When your user logs-in for the first time, his/her account will be automatically created. You can set the default role for newly created users. You can choose the default rôle among all the roles available in your community.
```

> You can choose to enable automatic creation of your users. When your user logs-in for the first time, his/her account will be automatically created. You can set the default role for newly created users. You can choose the default rôle among all the roles available in your community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can choose to enable the automatic creation of users' accounts in your community. 

By using this feature, when a user logs-in for the first time, their account will be automatically created. You can set the default role for newly created users and you can choose the default role among all the roles available in your community.
```

![SSO_JIT](/assets/getting_started/SSO_JIT.png)

> If you don't enable it, you will have to manually create user accounts. You can find all the details on how to "Invite users to join your community" [Here](https://docs.sekoia.io/getting_started/invite_users/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't enable “just-in-time” account creation, you will have to manually create user accounts. You can find all the details on how to “[Invite users to join your community](https://docs.sekoia.io/getting_started/invite_users/)”.
```

## Login method

> Once you have completed your configuration of SAML SSO, users will be able to log in via SSO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have completed your configuration of OpenID Connect SSO, users will be able to log-in via SSO.
```

> Once you have completed your configuration of OpenID Connect SSO, users will be able to log-in via SSO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have completed your configuration of OpenID Connect SSO, users will be able to log-in via SSO.

```

> Users who create their account via SSO, can only log in via this method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who created their account via SSO, can only log in via this method. 
```

> Users who created their account via SSO, can only log in via this method. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users who created their account via SSO, can only log in via this method. 

```

> Only users who create their account via invitation and set up username/password can use both methods to log in : SSO and username/password. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only users who create their account via invitation and set up username/password can use both methods to log-in: SSO and username/password. 
```

> Only users who create their account via invitation and set up username/password can use both methods to log-in: SSO and username/password. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only users who create their account via invitation and set up username/password can use both methods to log-in: SSO and username/password. 

```

> When Two-factor authentication is enabled or enforced to your account, if you log in via single sign-on, you will not be subject to this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the “two-factor authentication” (MFA) is enabled or enforced for your account, you won’t be asked for it when authenticating via your SSO provider.
```

> ## Diseable account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable Account
```

> To prevent a user from retrieving your organization's data, deactivate the user from your community and your identity provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To prevent a user from retrieving your organization's data, you can easily deactivate the user from your community and your identity provider.
```

# Single Sign-On With OpenID Connect

To make it easier for employees to access SEKOIA.IO, you can enable SSO for users of your SEKOIA.IO community. 

## Prerequisites for OpenID Connect
- Your Identity Provider (IdP) must support the OpenID Connect standard
- Only admin user with the `COMMUNITY_WRITE_ROLE` permission can configure the SSO.

## Configure SSO on SEKOIA.IO

To set up SSO, follow these instructions :

1. Log in to SEKOIA.IO platform
2. Click on your profile picture and select `Account settings` to access the User center
3. Under Manage community > Authentication, click on the button `Configure`
![SSO_Form](/assets/getting_started/SSO_Authentication.png)

> 5. Fill in identidy provider details

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. Fill in identity provider details
```

![SSO_Form](/assets/getting_started/SSO_identity.png)
7. Save the configuration

Once SSO is set up and your IdP is configured to accept requests, users can log in via the Single Sign-on URL available on this page.
Share it with your users.
![SSO_URL](/assets/getting_started/SSO_URL.png)

## “Just-in-time” (JIT) Account Provisioning 
You can choose to enable the automatic creation of users' accounts in your community. 

By using this feature, when a user logs-in for the first time, their account will be automatically created. You can set the default role for newly created users and you can choose the default role among all the roles available in your community.
![SSO_JIT](/assets/getting_started/SSO_JIT.png)

> If you don't enable “just-in-time” account creation, you will have to manually create user accounts. You can find all the details on how to “[Invite users to join your community](https://docs.sekoia.io/getting_started/invite_users/)”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't enable “just-in-time” account creation, you will have to manually create user accounts. You can learn more about how to create user accounts in the article “[Invite users to join your community](https://docs.sekoia.io/getting_started/invite_users/)”. 
```
